Agama:Agama is a genus of lizards. It contains at least 31 species across Africa, where they are the most common lizard. They can be found in many sizes, from 5 inches to a foot in length and a wide variety of colors. One of the best known species is the red-headed rock agama (Agama agama), widespread in sub-Saharan Africa.!DATAEND
Ara:The Ara macaws are large striking parrots with long tails, long narrow wings and vividly coloured plumage. They all have a characteristic bare face patch around the eyes. Males and females have similar plumage. Many of its members are popular in the pet trade, and bird smuggling is a threat to several species.!DATAEND
Cat:Cats, also called domestic cats, are carnivorous (meat-eating) mammals.Cats have been domesticated (tamed) for nearly 10,000 years. They are one of the most popular pets in the world. Cats do get diseases, and prevention is better than cure. It is most important to get a young cat vaccinated against some of the most deadly diseases. If a cat gets a disease, a veterinarian (animal doctor) can offer help.!DATAEND
Chicken:A chicken (Gallus gallus domesticus) is a kind of domesticated bird. It is raised in many places for its meat and eggs. They are usually kept by humans as livestock. Most breeds of chickens can fly for a short distance. Some sleep in trees if there are trees around. When raising chickens, a farmer needs a chicken coop (like a little house) for the chickens to roost (sleep) in. They also need a run or yard where they can exercise, take dust baths, eat, and drink. The chickens also need to be protected from predators such as foxes. Fences are often used for this.!DATAEND
Cow:Cows are commonly raised as livestock for meat (beef), for milk (dairy cattle), and for hides, which are used to make leather. Another product of cattle is dung, which can be used to create manure or fuel. In some regions, such as parts of India, cattle have significant religious meaning. Cows, mostly small breeds such as the Miniature Zebu, are also kept as pets.!DATAEND
Dog:Dogs are domesticated mammals, not natural wild animals. They were originally bred from wolves. They have been bred by humans for a long time, and were the first animals ever to be domesticated. Today, some dogs are used as pets, others are used to help humans do their work. They are a popular pet because they are usually playful, friendly, loyal and listen to humans.!DATAEND
Guinea Pig:In Western society, the domestic guinea pig has enjoyed widespread popularity as a household pet, a type of pocket pet, since its introduction by European traders in the 16th century. Their docile nature; friendly, even affectionate, responsiveness to handling and feeding; and the relative ease of caring for them have made and continue to make guinea pigs a popular choice of pet. Organizations devoted to the competitive breeding of guinea pigs have been formed worldwide, and many specialized breeds with varying coat colors and textures are selected by breeders.!DATAEND
Hamster:Hamsters are rodents belonging to the subfamily Cricetinae. The subfamily contains about 25 species in six or seven genera. They have become established as popular small house pets.[2] They are a bit like a mouse. Wild hamsters live in the desert, but people all over the world keep domesticated hamsters as pets. Pet hamsters like to live in cages with wood shavings or recycled newspaper (only if non-toxic). Fluffy bedding is dangerous for hamsters. Plain toilet paper is also a cheap, safe option, but not straw as it is very dry and they may choke on it. Hamsters eat mostly hamster food sold at a pet shop, but they also eat almost any vegetables and fruits in very tiny portions. Hamsters store food in natural pouches in the sides of their mouths.!DATAEND
Horse:Horses are mammals of the family Equidae. They are herbivores, which means they eat grass and other plants. Some plants are dangerous for them like ragwort, lemongrass (oil grass) and sometimes acorns. They are used for riding and transport. They are also used for carrying things or pulling carts, or to help plow farmer's fields in agriculture.!DATAEND
Mouse:A mouse (plural mice) is a rodent, which is a kind of mammal. It has a pointed snout, small rounded ears, a body-length scaly tail and a high breeding rate. The best known mouse species is the common house mouse (Mus musculus). It is also a popular pet. In some places, certain kinds of field mice are also common. They are known to invade homes for food and occasionally shelter.!DATAEND
Pig:Domestic pigs come in different colours, shapes and sizes. They are usually pink, but little pigs kept as pets (pot-bellied pigs) are sometimes other colours. Pigs roll in mud to protect themselves from sunlight. Many people think that pigs are dirty and smell. In fact, they roll around in the mud to keep bugs and ticks away from their skin. This also helps to keep their skin moist and lower their body temperature on hot days. They are omnivores, which means that they eat both plants and animals.!DATAEND
Rabbit:Rabbits can make great pets and tend to bond very closely with their owners. They can be extremely social, and love being around people, making them loyal companions. They also have a tendency to be very independent, which makes caring for them less stressful compared to other pets. Being very social and playful mammals, rabbits are easily distracted by toys. Training a rabbit can be quite easy, using similar techniques as one would train a dog.!DATAEND
Snake:Snakes are reptiles. They do not have legs, but they are successful carnivores. Their long, slender body has some other special features. They have overlapping scales which protect them, and help them move and climb trees. The scales have colours which may be camouflage or warning colours.!DATAEND
Spider:Spiders are air-breathing arachnids. They have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs that inject venom. Most make silk. Almost all spiders are predators, and most eat insects. They catch their prey in several ways. Some build a spider web, and some use a thread of silk that they throw at the insect.!DATAEND
Turtle:Turtles have a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs that acts as a shield. Although many turtles spend much of their lives underwater, all turtles and tortoises breathe air, and must surface at regular intervals to refill their lungs. Some spend their whole lives on dry land.!DATAEND
